README.md, before:

# European Language Enablement

This repository exists to allow a network of experts to share information about gaps and requirements for support of European-origin scripts on the Web and in eBooks. 

The main problem we seem to face at the moment is that experts don't know how to tell the W3C what problems exist for support of their script on the Web, and the W3C doesn't know how to contact people who can help when questions arise. This network of experts should help to significantly reduce that problem. 

Some experts may go a step further, and contribute to a gap-analysis or requirements document for a given script.

Topics for discussion are suggested by [the gap-analysis template](http://w3c.github.io/i18n-activity/templates/gap-analysis/gap-analysis_template.html). This work supports the development of the [matrix](http://w3c.github.io/typography/gap-analysis/language-matrix.html) indicating hot-spots for language support.

### Documents
TBD

### Feedback
Please use the [GitHub issue list](https://github.com/w3c/eurlreq/issues) to report issues for language support, for discussions, and to send feedback about documents.

### Following
Rather than just 'Watch' this repository, it is best to subscribe to the [public-i18n-sea](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-eur/) mailing list. That list is notified once a day (in digest form) about not only changes to this repository, but also about other W3C Working Group issues related to Southeast Asian writing systems. (Please use github issues rather than the mailing list to send feedback.)

You can find a list of open issues, including those from Working Groups, on the [Layout Tracker](http://w3c.github.io/i18n-activity/textlayout/?filter=europe) page. (That link applies a europe filter.)

### Contributing
All contributors should read and agree with [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Group _members_ are expert contributors who provide advice on requirements and gaps for the script they are familiar with. Some may also participate actively in producing the work of the group, contributing text and advice to create the outputs, and participating in meetings. For more information about becoming a group member contact [Richard Ishida](mailto:ishida@w3.org). We welcome participation requests.

### Links
- Charter (tbd)
- Action tracker (tbd)
- [Writing i18n tests](https://github.com/w3c/i18n-activity/wiki/Writing-i18n-tests)
- [Practical tips for task forces](https://w3c.github.io/i18n-activity/guidelines/process.html)
- Meeting info (tbd)
- [Mail archive](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-eur/)


### Links to background information
The following information describes work going on at the W3C to support languages on the Web.
- [Language support heatmap](http://w3c.github.io/typography/gap-analysis/language-matrix.html)
- [Analysing support for text layout on the Web](https://github.com/w3c/i18n-discuss/wiki/Analysing-support-for-text-layout-on-the-Web)
- [Overview of language enablement work in progress](https://www.w3.org/International/layout)
- [Setting up a Gap Analysis Project](https://github.com/w3c/typography/wiki/Setting-up-a-Gap-Analysis-Project)
- [Internationalization Sponsorship Program](https://www.w3.org/International/sponsorship/)


### Links for editors
If you end up creating a document, you should be familiar with and use the following:

- [Github guidelines for working with i18n documents](http://w3c.github.io/i18n-activity/guidelines/github)
- [Editorial guidelines for working with i18n documents](http://w3c.github.io/i18n-activity/guidelines/editing)

Commit message:

Add gap analysis links to README

README.md, after:

# European Language Enablement

This repository exists to allow a network of experts to share information about gaps and requirements for support of European-origin scripts and languages on the Web and in eBooks. 

The main problem we seem to face at the moment is that experts don't know how to tell the W3C what problems exist for support of their script on the Web, and the W3C doesn't know how to contact people who can help when questions arise. This network of experts should help to significantly reduce that problem. 

Some experts may go a step further, and contribute to a gap-analysis or requirements document for a given script.

Topics for discussion are suggested by [the gap-analysis template](http://w3c.github.io/i18n-activity/templates/gap-analysis/gap-analysis_template.html). This work supports the development of the [matrix](http://w3c.github.io/typography/gap-analysis/language-matrix.html) indicating hot-spots for language support.

### Documents
- [Dutch gap analysis](https://w3c.github.io/eurlreq/gap-analysis/latn-nl-gap)
- [Georgian gap analysis](https://w3c.github.io/eurlreq/gap-analysis/geor-gap)
- [Greek gap analysis](https://w3c.github.io/eurlreq/gap-analysis/grek-gap)
- [Hungarian gap analysis](https://w3c.github.io/eurlreq/gap-analysis/latn-hu-gap)


### Feedback
Please use the [GitHub issue list](https://github.com/w3c/eurlreq/issues) to report issues for language support, for discussions, and to send feedback about documents.

### Following
Rather than just 'Watch' this repository, it is best to subscribe to the [public-i18n-sea](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-eur/) mailing list. That list is notified once a day (in digest form) about not only changes to this repository, but also about other W3C Working Group issues related to Southeast Asian writing systems. (Please use github issues rather than the mailing list to send feedback.)

You can find a list of open issues, including those from Working Groups, on the [Layout Tracker](http://w3c.github.io/i18n-activity/textlayout/?filter=europe) page. (That link applies a europe filter.)

### Contributing
All contributors should read and agree with [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Group _members_ are expert contributors who provide advice on requirements and gaps for the script they are familiar with. Some may also participate actively in producing the work of the group, contributing text and advice to create the outputs, and participating in meetings. For more information about becoming a group member contact [Richard Ishida](mailto:ishida@w3.org). We welcome participation requests.

### Links
- Charter (tbd)
- Action tracker (tbd)
- [Writing i18n tests](https://github.com/w3c/i18n-activity/wiki/Writing-i18n-tests)
- [Practical tips for task forces](https://w3c.github.io/i18n-activity/guidelines/process.html)
- Meeting info (tbd)
- [Mail archive](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-i18n-eur/)


### Links to background information
The following information describes work going on at the W3C to support languages on the Web.
- [Language support heatmap](http://w3c.github.io/typography/gap-analysis/language-matrix.html)
- [Analysing support for text layout on the Web](https://github.com/w3c/i18n-discuss/wiki/Analysing-support-for-text-layout-on-the-Web)
- [Overview of language enablement work in progress](https://www.w3.org/International/layout)
- [Setting up a Gap Analysis Project](https://github.com/w3c/typography/wiki/Setting-up-a-Gap-Analysis-Project)
- [Internationalization Sponsorship Program](https://www.w3.org/International/sponsorship/)


### Links for editors
If you end up creating a document, you should be familiar with and use the following:

- [Github guidelines for working with i18n documents](http://w3c.github.io/i18n-activity/guidelines/github)
- [Editorial guidelines for working with i18n documents](http://w3c.github.io/i18n-activity/guidelines/editing)
